>>SEAN STONE: Is there
a purpose for humanity?
Let's enter the buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>SEAN: Welcome to
"Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the
mainstream narrative
to explore the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and with me today
is Regina Meredith, host of
"Open Minds" here on Gaia.
Regina began her
career in journalism
as one of the first women to
enter the world of television
sports broadcasting on NBC.
She co-anchored weekly
coverage with Bryant Gumbel.
Taking a break to raise
family, she moved to Sacramento
and started her production
company, LuminArt Productions,
where her first projects
began to educate people
on environmental issues
that aired on PBS.
As her career progressed,
so did her exploration
into the world of esoteric
and hidden sciences.
Today she joins us to open our
perspectives on human evolution
and much more.
So I want to start by
asking you would you
consider yourself a
psychic or a channel,
or are those not
the right words?
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Well,
those are probably not
the right words because I
don't exhibit those traits
in a classic sense.
It's kind of interesting.
A lot of the people I interview
and know in my life in Sedona,
obviously, are highly intuitive
where they can't turn it off.
So moment in and moment
out, they're looking at you.
Their eyes are wandering.
These little sounds
of alarm going on
because they're
seeing all the time.
It's wide open.
I'm not like that.
My primary mode of
accessing information
comes from a very deep
sense of just kind
of knowing and feeling.
And so I'm very attuned to that.
So if something doesn't feel
right, I do not go there.
But if I have to be
cast into a situation,
like in a workshop or an
experiment or something, where
you have to use your
intuitive capabilities,
then the gates are wide open.
I've even studied a little bit
with military remote viewing,
for example, and been able to
get the targets and so forth.
So it's there.
It's intact.
But it's only when
I call upon it.
Which is kind of
convenient, so I
don't have to see dead
people around other people.
>>SEAN: So you have
psychic abilities.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>SEAN: But you have had contact
with some beings or entities.
>>MEREDITH: Lots.
>>SEAN: OK.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>SEAN: And so are these--
would you consider them alien?
Interdimensional?
>>MEREDITH: A little
bit of everything.
I mean, all people are
surrounded with these entities.
There's nobody who doesn't have
some contingent around them,
of guides, whether they're
from other dimensional realms,
or whether they're ETs
that are able to kind
of phase in close enough
to be able to get contact.
The human being is a really
interesting, complex in
that probably the hardest thing
for us to be able to access
is ourselves, to
get to that really
fine, fine, beautiful,
highly intelligent, highly
creative aspect of
self that continues
beyond physical death.
That part-- some call it the
soul, some call it spirit,
soul development, whatever
you want to call it--
is much harder for us
to be in direct contact
with than it is for these other
beings who kind of intercede
on our own behalf.
The soul will have a
directive, for example,
but then it will
take a go-between
of sorts that can reach into
this dense, conscious mind
complex of ours,
knock us on the head,
put in a vision or
a word or a feeling
so that we can then hear
the message of our own soul.
>>SEAN: I'm reminded of what
Socrates called his demon.
That was the concept of this
messenger, this being that
was essentially an entity that
was with him, that gave him
inspiration and insight,
his personal genie, genius,
but it also could be a jinn.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly, it could
be a jinn, which, of course,
we know would be more toward
the demonic realm in some cases,
in terms of putting people
at odds with themselves
rather than making
more congruency inside.
So I rely very
heavily on my ability
to communicate with
the beings that
surround me and my own
feeling because a lot of times
the way to work
best with me is just
zap a feeling right through
and I'll get it instantly.
And then it helps put
pieces together, too.
>>SEAN: So in terms
of your experience
with these various
entities, what
do you take away from the
nature of the dimensionality
of our existence?
We obviously know
we're four dimensions.
Our consciousness is in who
knows how many dimensions
beyond imagination, beyond it.
So what do you--
what do you take away of
that, about the number
of intersecting dimensions
that are influencing
and impacting us at any moment?
>>MEREDITH: I think there are
numerous dimensions we're not
even aware of, and
there are subtle nuances
and subdimensions within those.
But by and large,
I think all one
needs to be aware of is that
they are multi-dimensional,
and that the goal
of this journey
is to reintegrate with the
highest aspect of self, which
is in a much finer frequency
range than this part,
the conscious mind,
which is the least
conscious part of our being.
One of my beings said one
time somewhat jokingly,
it didn't go the way it
was originally planned.
The idea was that the full
consciousness of the being
would be there to essentially
create, and create the life,
create the events, the
experiences, create the day.
And instead, because
we are trapped
in this physical matrix, which
has mortality attached to it,
the conscious mind, what we call
the conscious mind, took over.
They said, the
conscious mind was
only to keep you from
bumping into things.
>>SEAN: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: That simple.
>>SEAN: We've forgotten about
the power of the unconscious
and the magical
reality of our world,
and we focused instead on
this limited conscious logic,
scientifically discernible
within three dimensions
physicality.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
Because we're oriented
towards survival.
As long as you're
oriented toward survival,
you have to have only
that which can be proven.
I mean, in the materialist
scientific materialism
that we're trapped in right
now sees to it that we
don't look beyond that.
And that's what gets you into
a lot of other conspiracy
theories, is why is
that, for example.
You can go on.
But I really like to stick
more with what we actually are,
which is this very
interesting experiment.
And my understanding of it is
a little different than most
people's.
I've been exposed to a lot
of the different theories
of the creation of
humankind, and the one
that I seem to
resonate the most with
is one that does not have
this as a conspiracy,
does not have us
as a slave species.
It has us as a species
that through circumstance
had to integrate
with an animal form,
and thus the problems began.
>>SEAN: OK.
So let's talk about that.
So our being is essentially
nonphysical in its true sense.
>>MEREDITH: If you look
at the human being,
you could if you wanted
to for ease's sake,
divide it up, you
would say the be-ing,
the higher aspect
of ourselves that
transcends physical reality
where literally it exists for
experience itself.
It has no fear.
You know, some
people, you've met
some people that actually
live in closer association
with their true self.
Have you met some
of those people,
where they don't have the normal
fears that other people have?
Some might even call them
careless or reckless.
And I'm not talking about
self-destructive people.
I'm talking about people that
don't see boundaries and see
the capability in all things.
>>SEAN: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: They just
have to wish to go there.
You're from L.A.
You see a lot of it.
You probably grew
up around a lot
of people that had this notion
that they couldn't be stopped.
The sky and beyond
was the limit.
>>SEAN: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: Well, that is
actually living truer to what
we really are than the other
kinds of lives where we put
ourselves in little boxes,
separate our desires,
the sparks that really
juice us up in life,
separate those out and put
them to the side as frivolous
so that we can get on with
our day and pay our bills--
that's the animal
mind way of living.
>>SEAN: But we ultimately
had to incarnate
into this physical body.
And describe to us a little bit
what that process of evolution
actually looked like.
At what point did the
human consciousness
enter the physical
body, physical form?
>>MEREDITH: Well, that gets
us into this alternate story
about the origins of
human kind, which I have
been doing lectures on lately.
And initially, I didn't
speak about it for 30 years.
The simple reason is because
look how many stories exist.
And the ones that seem to
have a law of attraction
are the ones that have
been repeated over time.
Doesn't have anything
to do with logic.
And what struck me was
that I'm supremely logical.
And going to these various
conferences, even ones
that I've participated
in as a speaker,
you'll see this
split in the psyche
where you have the rational,
scientific mind that
is the intention
of the conference,
for example, trying to meet with
on some level consciousness,
right?
And where that happens,
there is a huge schism
in the psyche of
a lot of people.
On one hand, this
has to be rational.
Your story needs to be rational.
I'm saying, why?
Why does it?
It has to feel-- you have to
feel the congruency of it.
If you can't feel that,
then the story has no value.
No matter what story you're
being told in the world,
if it doesn't feel
congruent within your being,
you should discard it.
And I can say from a very
early time in my own life
in organized religion--
I was raised kind of a Dower
Lutheran, Missouri Synod
Lutheran--
there was no magic
there for sure.
But there were a lot of stories
that made no sense to me.
So I started checking out
on that by the age of five.
They were ans-- I
would ask questions
and it had no basis
in logic, the answers
had no basis in logic.
So as I go through, I'm seeing
these conferences that where
the organizers and the speakers
might be into the Vedas,
for example, where
all creation comes out
of a lotus blossom from the
tummy button of the creator.
And you look at that and
say, is that logical?
No.
>>SEAN: Well, it's like
saying all the universe is
on the shell, on the
back of a tortoise.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
>>SEAN: And then, well, what
is the turtle standing on?
Well, the turtle, the
turtle is all the way down.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>SEAN: That infinism.
>>MEREDITH: So if
you look at it,
all religions, all of these
fables about the origins
of the species have
been passed down usually
from an inspired
source to a receiver,
a recipient of some kind.
This story is no
different in that way,
that it was passed down to
a woman who lives basically
in obscurity.
She's a channel that does
not really choose to channel.
She didn't want to
channel to begin with.
So no one can reach her.
They can't get a
channeling from her.
But it was the most
profound information
I had access to for 30 years
that I've been exposed to.
>>SEAN: And what was that story?
>>MEREDITH: And that story was
that as the Earth was forming--
no big bang, first of all.
They cut that right out.
There wasn't no big bang.
That the development of
things like planetary systems,
the cosmos itself happened in
a much more orderly fashion.
It's a combination of first,
there's the blueprint.
So you can argue about who's
the provider of the blueprint.
Is it the gods?
Is it a god head?
But a form of intelligence
or vast forms of intelligence
can create capabilities
levels that we
can't at this point in time.
We're vastly
creative, but can you
conceive of the beauty
and intricacy of even
a simple blossom like a rose?
How do you bring that out
of nothing and create that?
So there is some kind of
intelligence that was going on,
and you might say multiple
intelligences that
create the universe, that
create the planetary systems
and the planets themselves.
And the Earth was no
different in this story.
>>SEAN: It could
frankly be strings.
A sense of the string theory
and the idea of resonance
and vibration once you have--
once the string is
plucked, it resonates
and everything finds its
order, its natural harmony.
>>MEREDITH: That's part of it.
Vibration, whatever the
natural gases or particles
that are available in that
quadrant of the universe that
are available, intension,
time, and movement.
A lot of movement and spin.
We all know about that
word from Stuart Hameroff.
And this is just
on a macro scale,
that as the Earth
was forming, there
was an area with beings who were
in a dimension of Earth that
was beyond the Earth.
What was beyond-- it was
not physical any longer.
The beings were at very high
levels of consciousness,
very high levels of creativity.
They could create at
the speed of thought.
And sometimes we'll see in
the nominalist situations,
that happens in our own lives.
That's our capability.
That's our innate capability.
They were more-- this
was a species that had
no need for conflict or war.
They're nonphysical.
They would look like a shimmer
to your eye passing by.
And these beings were
able to simply peer in
to the dimension of Earth itself
as it was developing with all
of its complex life forms.
And that part takes a
very, very, very long time,
beyond anything we can
comprehend on time frames,
I think, when you're looking
at the formation of a star
or planet.
>>SEAN: Well, we know this
planet's at least, what,
five, six billion years old
>>MEREDITH: At least.
Even the Vedas would put
it way older than that.
And so as this was
forming, these beings
in a higher dimension of what
is Earth were able to peer in.
They were only able to do
this because there was--
as they explained to
us, the thing that
makes Earth Earth was
this anomaly in that
other dimensional beings were
able to not only peer in,
but ultimately, start
kind of traversing back
and forth between the
forming Earth, which
was in a much higher
frequency range
before it started slowing
down, slowing down, and coming
into the full third dimensional
density that we know.
It took we don't know
how-- we won't even
put a number of years to it,
but over a long period of time.
These are nonphysical beings.
They have all the
time in the world--
were able to go back
and forth and begin
looking in on experiencing
the developing lifeforms.
Now when Edgar Cayce
talks about the formation
of Earth and the
original people,
his story is very similar.
This channel and Edgar Cayce
go back historically together.
They're both very clear.
As this was going
on, they started--
this process was known that
the Earth would ultimately
come to a point
where it would settle
into a third
dimensional frequency
range with all of its
occupants, animals, flora, fauna
fully developed.
There was-- it was
known among these beings
that there would come a point
in time where they had to stop
this traversing back and forth.
And the reason was
just simple vibration.
>>SEAN: So it's almost like
they were coming and spying
on it trying to enjoy
the show, but saying,
hey, no more free admission.
You have to now participate.
>>MEREDITH: Well, they were
blending with the show.
They were-- I have
remembrances from Lemuria.
We blended with
things back then.
You could blend with
inanimate objects.
You could blend with a tree.
You could blend with a bird.
I used to fly around in birds.
And I thought it was, again,
being supremely logical when
these things came
up, I would think
I was making these things
up, and they'd say, oh,
let me show you a tape here.
Someone else having the
exact same experience.
So I started learning
over time there was
a lot of validation for this.
Even if it sounds a
little wild, it's not.
A lot of people
have experienced it.
So they were coming and they
were merging nonphysically
with a tree or
whatever it is just
for the pleasure of
feeling physicality.
But what was known was that
there would come a time when
this wouldn't be possible
because if they kept traversing
over here, their frequencies
would ultimately over time
become lower and lower just to
blend with this environment.
And they would--
>>SEAN: Their consciousness
is of a higher,
a much higher dimension.
>>MEREDITH: They would not able.
It wasn't by judgment.
They would not be
able to traverse back
into their home environment.
And so they had to
make a decision.
Keep playing the game--
for some they played it
knowing the time had come.
>>SEAN: Well, I could
compare it, for example,
if you wanted to go scuba diving
and you say, OK, well, I'm
going to put an oxygen tank on.
I'm going to go scuba diving.
But if you want to
go to truly deep,
you want to go to great depths
miles deep into the ocean,
you have to basically
take on a whole new body.
>>MEREDITH: You do.
>>SEAN: Because you have
to breathe like a fish.
You can no longer keep
your oxygen tank on.
It's not going be able
to carry enough oxygen.
>>MEREDITH: Do it
at your own peril.
That's what we did.
>>SEAN: That's what they did.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
Some chose to stay.
Some were already stuck.
And the problem came not
with those who chose to stay.
That was a choice.
It came with those who had
already overstayed their time
and their frequencies
were damaged,
and did not want to stay.
Now they're in
physical reality here,
and they have no
means of expression
as nonphysical beings.
>>SEAN: These are the fallen?
Basically, the essence
of the fallen angels?
>>MEREDITH: No,
they weren't fallen.
It was just like you or me.
We just didn't
listen to the alert.
Run, the water's
coming, you know?
Ah, I think it's going to be OK.
They just stuck around
too long and then
did not have the
capability to merge back
into their original home field.
>>SEAN: Then where did the
mythology of these demons
come from, essentially?
Every culture speaks of
the ones that are basically
of a lower energy
density frequency
that are more manipulative,
that are darker forces that
are looking to basically
use mankind either
as leeches, as
parasites to attach to,
to experience through.
What is that?
Where does that
energy come from?
>>MEREDITH: Well, you've got
a confluence of events there.
First of all, there are
beings from many dimensions
that express themselves
here on this planet.
Some of them are not in
physical form, but we feel them.
You'll feel the darkness.
You'll feel these dense
pulls, this mass movement
toward something dark.
Those lower realms are
here for a purpose.
They're just looking
to do what they do.
The opportunity for the human
is to distinguish the difference
and make the choices
between interfacing
with that realm of
energy and those beings
versus the opposite, because we
have amazingly beautiful beings
here to lift us as well.
Because of what
happened with the human,
they became very
easy to exploit.
>>SEAN: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: We lost
our consciousness.
>>SEAN: Right.
Right.
>>MEREDITH: Only a few
had the consciousness,
a few that chose to stay,
and the rest, wiped.
Now they're in a body.
They're in a physical, fleshy
body that's going to die.
They have no means of
contending with this.
>>SEAN: Right.
Right.
And so, precisely, they
lost the tools, basically,
of keeping that connection.
>>MEREDITH: They lost
all their memory.
The longer it went on,
the more they incarnated,
the further away they
were from whatever memory
they had of their home place
and their capabilities.
>>SEAN: So speaking of this
idea that lower entities,
demonic entities attaching
parasitically to humans,
Alex Jones went
on a show recently
and he said that based on his
research and conversations,
he said there are beings
from lower dimensions that
are basically working to use
human energy to essentially
hijack us to raise themselves.
And they also,
ultimately, working
to create a breakaway
species, which
may be the cybernetics
concept of more
robotic, transhuman concept
that essentially, that's
the demonic forces trying to
find a new body, basically,
to experience and live through.
>>MEREDITH: Doesn't
it make perfect sense?
If you limit the human
understanding to the fact
that you're meat
and maybe something
transcends that when
you die-- maybe not.
You won't know big surprise
till you get there, right?
If you can inculcate that
thought into society, then
society is very controllable.
And so if you have no
understanding of the soul
complex, the transcendent
quality of what you actually
are, then wouldn't you
be very tempted to buy
into transhumanism?
Because if you think
you have to have
another silicone-based
vehicle in order
to continue your experience
in this plane or any other,
you're probably going to
buy into it because you
have a fear of death.
You have a fear of
your own mortality.
>>SEAN: But we can actually
carry our consciousness forward
if we die properly.
>>MEREDITH: That's
what I'm saying.
It's all naturally laid out.
It's beautiful as it is.
Who wants to live in the same
body for 1,000 or 2,000 years?
Although we used to.
In old times, very,
very ancient times,
the frequencies were different.
People lived very
long time spans.
But time passed differently.
As it is right now, with
everything going on right now,
this year 2017, would
you like to live
1,000 years in the same body?
Or maybe try something new?
>>SEAN: Sure.
>>MEREDITH: I'm all about
cashing it in and trying
another one, you know?
When the time comes.
>>SEAN: But there are those who
would say that it gets tiring,
that there is, frankly, there
is a feeling of redundancy
to the human journey.
What would you say is the
purpose of being here?
Are we ultimately
going to find, to be
able to have an opportunity
to reconnect to our higher
selves and our higher purpose?
Or are we going to have to
just keep repeating it over
like Groundhog Day?
>>MEREDITH: We are repeating
it like Groundhog Day.
We've been doing it for many,
many, many thousands of years,
millions of years.
So that's what we're doing now.
So the question is,
does a person choose--
I mean, having done
this kind of work
that we're doing
for so many years,
and then many years before
that, I've kind of come,
I've come to a place
of understanding,
which is look at the
dark forces all you want.
Study it.
If it makes you feel like you're
in the know and you somehow can
contend with life better, cool.
For a lot of men, especially
younger men, conspiracy, boom,
takes them right
into it, and you
start evaluating humanity
and our reality differently.
But once you have a
grip on it and say,
ew, those kind of creepy beings
who are just doing what they do
have had their effect.
Do I want to choose
to live in that?
Because the more you think
about it, the more you research,
the more you go
into it, the more
you resonate with that force.
>>SEAN: Yes
>>MEREDITH: Or do
I want to go back
into the capabilities
of my own being
and maybe lift myself
out of this matrix?
That's the opportunity
for everyone.
But not until, you
know, the classic know
thy self comes true,
which takes a decision
and it takes some effort on
our part to start listening.
It's a very fine process
of just listening
to the subtle voice, which
is happening many times a day
all day long.
If you start listening
and following it,
you start becoming in tune and
start speaking more clearly
to you.
That's where intuition
comes in, right?
And the more you
follow that, you
start seeing you're
given even more and more,
and life starts looking like,
wow, they have a magical life.
No, not really.
They're just listening.
>>SEAN: There's a lot of
paths to go on because frankly
the question is,
with the aliens--
many people experience aliens.
And are these also
physical beings?
So they also have
the same issues
that humans do in the sense?
They could be tricksters,
they could be lying to us,
they could be conveying
misconceptions
about the universe to us?
>>MEREDITH: Absolutely.
>>SEAN: So that's the question
is, how do we basically--
is it through our intuition
that we can figure out
which entities are
basically attached
to us, that are
parasitic, or that
are just trying to
keep us in a loop,
as opposed to those
that are actually
helping us free ourselves?
>>MEREDITH: There is only
one path in my opinion,
and it's going vertical.
Once we go into that
part of ourselves,
you really can't be lied to.
You can discern truth instantly.
You know which path to
follow in terms of where
to place your energies.
And then where you
place your energies,
as you know, this world--
some people, Tom Campbell
calls it a collectively
rendered reality.
If enough people are
doing that and following
the higher and more creative,
more divine part of their path,
what does that collective
reality start looking like?
So look at all the
disrupters in our world.
You and I have
interviewed enough people.
We already know,
every institution
is a disrupter, right?
Some of the people in it are
doing it for the right reasons.
Some are doing it for
positions of control.
So it doesn't matter if
we're talking about media.
It doesn't matter
for talking out
economics, finance, politics.
>>SEAN: Manipulators.
>>MEREDITH: Manipulators.
The manipulators.
We can either react to that,
freak out, draw more drama
to ourselves, and go on
a downward spiral, which
a lot of people are
doing right now.
Or we can say, aha, I see
what this opportunity is.
This is really the great cluster
f of them all right now, right?
And we can respond
in a different way.
>>SEAN: So speaking of that,
I see the situation currently
and I say, if people predict
the new age is coming
as one more of unity,
of transcending
the polarized
conception of reality,
the binary systems of left,
right, Democrat, Republican,
female, male, it's like
a lot of opposition
in terms of these concepts.
We're also moving towards a
more unified consciousness
of understanding the
holistic nature of things.
I see what's taking place
as basically a test,
the final test
where everything is
polarizing so dramatically that
you can't really escape it.
And you have to ultimately
transcend those polarities.
And I think that's what
we're going through.
So I pose it to you.
And actually, it's
posed from Eva
in Estonia has
asked this question.
Is 2017 going to
be a special year?
And I think that speaks into
this overall question of what
we're going to through.
>>MEREDITH: I think
it's a very special year
in that astrologically it's a
year of tension and revolution.
And these years have
happened in times past.
But somehow the stakes
seem to be a lot higher.
There seems to be a lot
more energy behind it.
People are angrier than ever,
more disappointed than ever.
And you have to look at
it over a period of time.
If we look back to the
Bush era when all of this
really kind of, the
dark agenda really
started exerting itself
fully once again.
It's always been there.
>>SEAN: It crystallized
around 9/11 forward almost,
or even 2000 forward.
It's hard to really clarify.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
That gave us an opportunity
to make choices.
And we did.
As a culture, we
voted for Obama who
was representing something
different, something better.
Hope, change.
Well, Obama was destined
to fail, and he did.
He failed.
Good man in some ways but in--
everyone's a good man
in certain ways, right?
We all have this
duality within us.
But the reality is, he failed.
Left people so disheartened
that they would do anything.
You just start lashing
out to create change.
And politically, we
knew that we didn't have
any good choices in the end.
We knew that one meant
the same old, same old.
Just this stayed,
rotting condition.
And the other meant we don't
know what's going to happen.
Throw a grenade in it.
And people voted for
that for a reason.
This internal thing
in them is really,
deeply desiring a
catalytic event for change.
>>SEAN: Precisely.
Even if it's chaos.
>>MEREDITH: Even if it's chaos.
We'll do anything to shake it
up and start growing again.
We stopped growing.
>>SEAN: And it's essentially
a necessary chaos.
It's a chaos that's going
to basically catalyze us.
Do you think that
we are entering
a more multidimensional
understanding of our existence?
Is that what this new age is
supposed to really be about?
>>MEREDITH: Well,
I would offer this.
I think we're going into
deeper polarization.
I think we're
going into a period
where those who have
nuanced minds, those who
have good hearts and
they're willing to roll up
their sleeves a bit, do a
little work on themselves
are going to go into a much
more integrated level of being
with true self, with all
the dimensions of our being.
I do think that
that is happening.
And we can see it even in
little children being born.
It is happening.
But then look to the
rest of the world
and it's going the opposite
way because they've
gotten sucked into
that downward spiraling
vortex of drama and fear.
So we're going to have both.
It's your choice.
And there are two
different worlds.
We might be residing
on the same planet.
Those are completely
different realities.
>>SEAN: Well, I feel like, I
feel a fracturing of reality
across the board.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
>>SEAN: It's
epitomized, for example,
by the internet in
a sense of you're
getting the feedback, a feedback
mechanism of showing you
kind of the perspective that you
have, the world you want to see
is coming through
clearly in that sense.
So perhaps it represents
the fact that each of us
has to focus within, right?
>>MEREDITH: There is
nowhere else to go.
I call it our final frontier.
We keep thinking that space
is the final frontier.
We've all been there.
Those guys are here, too.
So we know that.
Whoop-de-do.
But what is that doing
for you personally
to be aware that there are
beings from other planets here?
And they have been here
from the beginning.
This isn't anything new.
Whether they're reptilian,
whether they're offshoot gray,
creations, or whether
they're the most sublime type
of beings, they've all been
here from the beginning.
They also came to
help in the beginning
when we had this
lack of integration.
We didn't even know how
to procreate back then.
Can you imagine this blissful,
angelic being stuffed
into this reality physically?
What do you do?
You know, there was
a lot of confusion.
And the beings did come to help.
>>SEAN: I think we're at
that level all over again.
>>MEREDITH: We're at
that level over again,
being exploited and
being helped if we wish.
>>SEAN: And so do you think that
we're going to see in any sense
more involvement
from these beings?
Many people, obviously, are--
I think more people are
awake looking to the stars,
looking to aliens to
reassure us and say, look,
you're not alone here.
Do you expect that
that might be coming?
>>MEREDITH: It will.
But we have to
remember, any beings
that come here telling us they
are the way, they know the way,
and they're taking
us there are false.
>>SEAN: Sure.
>>MEREDITH: And
that's a lot of beings
that can be sound-- they
can sound like angels even.
They're not the way.
Any respectful being
understands we already are that.
We need to have the interference
blocked so that we cannot be
interfered with as
deeply as we are.
No one's going to
block it, right?
And we need to develop
our sensitivity
enough to be able to reach
in and listen to those
who are here to help us.
And they would never
claim to be the way.
Those beings never
would do that.
>>SEAN: And how do you think
that the work you're doing,
the teachings you're
doing are helping people
to get back within that
centered self of, you know,
tapping into their
own intuition?
>>MEREDITH: That's a
really good question.
It is very complex, and
it's a confused answer
that I'll give you.
I've been doing this for so long
and was at the very beginning
base of media and
conspiracy and all
that, which that was
part of my own journey
is that shock and
awe of realizing,
oh my God, we have been
lied to across the board.
I had to find out myself.
And I went through those periods
of, kind of takes you down
into anger and
then helplessness.
But I pretty much bounced
up quickly from it.
But that's where I
was in the media.
I'm still doing
conspiracy stuff.
>>SEAN: True.
>>MEREDITH: So
what I try to do is
look at common threads,
these little golden threads
within the conspiracy
and say, aha.
Where is our opportunity?
Is there a word being
said here that's actually
an entree to a much
higher understanding
and greater empowerment for us?
So I try to take every
show I do and bring it
into that realm of
possibility, even
if it's a statement
that may sound
like a throwaway at the
end of the show, it's not.
It's just the first time
I really could get around
to it in that show.
I don't like putting out the
dark and the conspiratorial
per se.
>>SEAN: It's not about vibrating
at that same level of anger,
fear
>>MEREDITH: I don't
vibrate at that level.
>>SEAN: Right.
Exactly.
It's a question of OK,
recognizing it and transmuting
it.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
Yet I know a lot in that
area and I'm skilled in it.
So I'll probably be called
upon to continue doing that.
But again, if we can
take that and say, aha.
See this little hole
in the story here?
This is where we come in.
And don't let these people--
this is one thing that
is misunderstood.
People tend to give
their power away
to anything that seems to
have more sophistication,
whether it's technologically,
whether they can use their eyes
and their mind to stun
you, get inside you in case
of abductees, and so forth.
But the reality is,
the sublime nature
of what a human being is, none
of these species come close to.
They're very undeveloped
in those ways.
And the only thing
that takes us there
is this incredible sense of
compassion, love or no reason
at all, just the
ability to merge
with something
beautiful or an emotion
or a person in a beautiful way.
These species don't
have these capabilities.
If we focus on those little
moments, those are our in point
back to the soul.
>>SEAN: Unconditional love.
>>MEREDITH: Unconditional love.
And then we transcend
out of this game.
This three dimensional
reality is just
a place to learn for a while.
We transcend back
into our truer state.
Then we can choose
what kind of adventure
we want to go on from there.
But I agree with you.
Groundhog's Day is starting
to feel pretty boring here.
>>SEAN: At the end of the
day, we can't take any of it
too seriously.
Keep that sense of humor in
the sense that, like you said,
it's all just play, experiment,
suffering, but also joy.
And we will be out
of it eventually.
>>MEREDITH: Absolutely.
It's all an
opportunity to learn.
opportunity, no matter
how painful it gets,
to keep the heart open.
That's the key.
When the heart starts getting
crusty and closing down
because of all the
stresses, you're
losing your own game there.
At least until it changes.
>>SEAN: Beautifully put.
Thank you so much
for joining us today.
>>MEREDITH: It's been fun.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
And there you have it, folks.
Fascinating insights
from Regina Meredith.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, so I urge you to check
out her show on Gaia, "Open
Minds," for more of her work
and to keep on studying.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path.
It requires constant
reassessment.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]